docs(s3): update Bucket policy doc MTA-3844 (#2334)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/api-cli/create-bucket-policy.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Creating and applying a bucket policy

>   description: This page shows how to create and apply a bucket policy to a specific bucket using the Scaleway CLI

Reviewer: it's the AWS CLi, no?

content:
  h1: Creating and applying a bucket policy
  paragraph: This page shows how to create and apply a bucket policy to a specific bucket using the Scaleway CLI
tags: bucket policy bucket bucket-policy object storage object-storage s3
dates:
  validation: 2023-10-30
  posted: 2021-01-17
categories:
  - storage
  - object-storage
---

<Macro id="storage-bucket-policy" />

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [created an Object Storage bucket](/storage/object/how-to/create-a-bucket/)
  - You have [installed the AWS CLI](/storage/object/api-cli/object-storage-aws-cli/)
  - You have [created an IAM policy](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/create-policy/) to grant access to your users and applications
</Message>

## How to create a bucket policy

1. Create a `bucket-policy.json` file.

> 2. Open it in a code editor and paste the code below inside. This statement **ONLY** allows the specified user to see the bucket and its objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Open it in a code editor and paste the code below inside. This statement **only allows the specified user** to see the bucket and its objects.
```

    ```json
    {
        "Version": "2023-04-17",
        "Id": "MyBucketPolicy",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "DelegateAccess",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Principal": {
                    "SCW": "user_id:<USER_ID>"
                },
                "Action": [
                    "s3:ListBucket",
                    "s3:GetObject"
                ],
                "Resource": [
                    "<BUCKET_NAME>",
                    "<BUCKET_NAME>/*"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

> 3. Replace the `<USER_ID>` placeholder with your ID or the one of the user you want to grant access. You can also grant access to an [application](/storage/object/api-cli/bucket-policy/#principal).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Replace the `<USER_ID>` placeholder with the ID of the user to which you want to grant access. You can also grant access to an [application](/storage/object/api-cli/bucket-policy/#principal).
```

4. Replace the `<BUCKET_NAME>` placeholders with the name of the concerned bucket. Refer to the [resource documentation](/storage/object/api-cli/bucket-policy/#resource) for more information.

<Message type="note">
Refer to the [Bucket policies description](/storage/object/api-cli/bucket-policy/#bucket-policy-description) for more details on each string.
</Message>

## How to apply a bucket policy

> Make sure that you have [installed the AWS CLI](/storage/object/api-cli/object-storage-aws-cli/) before continuing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure that you have [installed the AWS CLI](/storage/object/api-cli/object-storage-aws-cli/) before proceeding.
```
